feat: add weighted score (#928)
ansys/ansys-sphinx-theme: doc/source/user-guide/options.rst

of strings representing the directories or files to exclude from the search
index.

Search result ranking
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

By default, the theme assigns the following Fuse.js field weights so that

> section headings and page titles rank above body text:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the theme assigns the following Fuse.js field weights so that
section headings and page titles rank over the body text:
```
